funding_requests.md Revisions (#88)
astropy/project: finance/funding_requests.md

While the Astropy project wants to make life easy for all the volunteers and people working towards our shared goal we need to make sure we spend grant money in a fiscally responsible way. This policy thus aims to strike a balance between as little bureaucracy as possible and ensuring that Astropy has all the documentation required by funders supporting Astropy.

> The following provides a description for how to obtain funding for different types of activities. All funding requests should be made to the Astropy Finance Committee. If you have questions on how to apply this process, please email finance@astropy.org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following provides a description for how to obtain funding for different types of activities. All funding requests should be made to the Astropy Interim Finance Committee. If you have questions on how to apply this process, please email finance@astropy.org.
```
(the permanent finance committee does not exist yet)

> The following provides a description for how to obtain funding for different types of activities. All funding requests should be made to the Astropy Finance Committee. If you have questions on how to apply this process, please email finance@astropy.org.

Reviewer 2: or open an issue.

Reviewer: I agree with @kelle here!  Should be added here explicitly as an option.

### Prior to Travel

Send an email to finance@astropy.org with the subject line "Request for Travel Funding" and include the following information:
* Name
* Description
* Total Request
* Itemized Budget
* Advance needed

If you are calculating your request using per diem, the please use the current [US Government per diem rates | https://www.gsa.gov/travel/plan-book/per-diem-rates]. These rates should be considered maximum values and requests less than that amount can be submitted for reimbursement.

Flights should be booked in economy class. If the flight is over 4 hours and the additional cost is less than 20%, a higher class of seating may be booked. We encourage travel plans to be optimized for efficiency. If additional costs are required, a justification should be submitted for approval. Medical reasons are an acceptable justification for higher costs.   

In general, you should attempt to minimize the environmental impact
of your travel. 

The Finance Committee will aim to provide approval within 1 week of the request.

### After Travel

> Wthin two weeks of completing your trip you should submit your reimbursment request via the [NumFOCUS Rocket form | https://numfocus.typeform.com/to/oTBLP2] You will need to include itemized receipts for all travel costst. You will also need to provide information for your prefered payment method i.e. back account and routing number, paypal account, etc. 

Reviewer 3: Minor typo: “costst”.

> Wthin two weeks of completing your trip you should submit your reimbursment request via the [NumFOCUS Rocket form | https://numfocus.typeform.com/to/oTBLP2] You will need to include itemized receipts for all travel costst. You will also need to provide information for your prefered payment method i.e. back account and routing number, paypal account, etc. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within two weeks of completing your trip you should submit your reimbursement request via the [NumFOCUS Rocket form | https://numfocus.typeform.com/to/oTBLP2] You will need to include itemized receipts for all travel costs. You will also need to provide information for your preferred payment method i.e. back account and routing number, paypal account, etc. 
```

You should notify the Finance Committee that you have input a request via email so that the payment can be approved. A member of the Finance Committee will review the request and provide approval to NumFOCUS for the payment.

> Payment will be made to you directly from  NumFocus, typically within 30 days after approval.

Reviewer 3: “NumFOCUS” to be consistent with elsewhere.

## Contract Work

> *This document is a first iteration - the Finance Committee and the community as a whole are engaging in a discussion how to develop this process further.*

Reviewer: Maybe move this to the top of the *document*? It really applies to the whole thing (as opposed to the next line, which is definitely specific to contract work)?

### After Travel

> Within two weeks of completing your trip you should submit your reimbursement request via the [NumFOCUS Rocket form | https://numfocus.typeform.com/to/oTBLP2] You will need to include itemized receipts for all travel costs. You will also need to provide information for your preferred payment method i.e. back account and routing number, paypal account, etc. 

Reviewer 4: Is this 2 weeks here realistic while receiving the reimbursement takes 30 days?

Reviewer 5: At my institution (MIT) we have to submit reimbursement requests within 3 days of returning and payment typically takes longer than 30 days. 
So, this is not unheard of. The point is that most astronomers do things on the day of the deadline, whenever that deadline is. Note the word "should" - you *should* submit within two weeks, but Astropy will reimburse you if it takes you longer (within reason).

Reviewer 4: Yes, I noted the word, thus commented. In the previous iteration it was "preferably" which is noticably a more friendly way than "should". MIT's probably the most extreme case, and since we don't follow their policies in other questions what about being more flexible with the wording here, too? No one stops anyone to follow their home institute's shorter deadline policies and submit the reimbursement in 3 days, but in most cases that deadline is more in the 1-2 months range anyway.
